[next] 🚧 STUDIO 🚧 (#953)
threlte/threlte: apps/docs/src/content/reference/studio/getting-started.mdx

---
order: 0
category: '@threlte/studio'
name: 'Getting Started'
---

Threlte Studio is a **spatial programming toolset**.

> It's consisting of two main parts: A GUI to inspect and edit your scene and a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It consists of two main parts: A GUI to inspect and edit your scene and a
```
